adds documentation for the bitbucket publish action (#725)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/details/scaffolder/index.md

      targetPath: ./subdirectory
```

### `publish:bitbucket`

> This action creates a new Bit Bucket repository and publishes the files in the workspace directory to the repository. There is one mandatory parameter `repoUrl`. The repo url picker described in the `string` parameter description above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action creates a new Bitbucket repository and publishes the files in the workspace directory to the repository. There is one mandatory parameter `repoUrl`. The repo url picker described in the `string` parameter description above.
```
